---
title: "The End?"
date: 2020-6-28
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - answer me everything
---

Today marks the 50th post in the "*Answer Me Everything*" challenge that I undertook about two months ago.

Although I would love to continue this little endeavour of mine further, I think I will face some hurdles (also I am facing some now) in the near future. The most important one is I'll have to *focus more on my studies and research to keep up with my career prospects*. I've been struggling since some time to write the posts, mostly because it takes a lot of time and understanding to come up with a question and then research and find out it's answer. Trust me, it's not that easy (Ah! the constant bombardment of irrelevant stuff or false answers).

A part of me also thinks, it is time to move on to something different. I have grown a lot since this undertaking and it has certainly enhanced my writing and researching skills. It has also increased my articulation. I think it is a journey that everyone should take part it. You will get to know yourself and better your skills as a writer and blogger.

Although initially I declared that I will be answering anything, *I never did answer questions that I thought would spark debates or let people think that I am just preaching stuff*. I always tried to answer questions that could be scientifically answered or for which I had an unambiguous rational explanation (and steered clear of religious/political debates).

After saying all this, I don't want to discontinue with this wonderful habit that I have cultured. At the same time I want to reduce the burden on myself. I have come up with some ideas for the same:  
* I will post questions that I don't have to research furiously. Probably some funny and other questions based on my beliefs. Then, I'll review that after 50 more days.  
* I will post at a lower frequency but the same kind of questions.
* I will post weekly about any given experiment - detailing it and then explaining the consequences of that given experiment in a simple language (but without dumbing things down!).

Help me choose which one to do! Also,  
*Best of luck if you are undertaking or have decided to undertake such a journey*. **If not, then DO!**
